hello again everybody
this is one of the coolest tricks that
I've seen in a while it's a self working
trick you take nine cards at random
three four five six seven eight nine and
you one two three four five six seven
eight nine and what you do is you have
spectators make three piles of three so
there's three three three and then have
them choose a pile and look at the
bottom corner of the pile let's say it's
the five of spades now you have the
perfect pile on top so their card is in
the third position you have them spell
the card five-10 on top Oh F place the
deck on top
spades SP AGGS put the place on the deck
on top now the five of spades is gonna
be in the fifth position
one two three four there's a five of
spades
try it again with a different card you
have three three piles flip them over
let's just say they chose this pile with
the Jack of Clubs it's the top of the
deck they spell Jack J ack put the deck
on top of o f put the deck on top club c
lu b s put the deck on top the Jack of
Clubs is one two three four and the
fifth position again just keep doing
this to show you that it works with
every card every time it's a
mathematical I don't know how it's done
but let's say the four of Hearts is the
card so you put that on the top get four
hearts to use the third card down and
they spell fo you are put it on top
Oh F put it on top HD AR TS put it on
top and the four of Hearts is one two
three four five now you can have fun
with this after they spell their card
out don't just say well your card is the
fifth car down what you can do now is if
then if then you can spell their name if
their name is John you could say John
john-117
our wife turn over the next card at your
cart magic ma ji I and there it is magic
whatever you want to do you know it's
the fifth card down whatever that card
was so you could have a lot of fun with
it and it always is the fifth card no
matter how they spell it try it it's
pretty amazing it's one of the coolest
math tricks that I've ever seen
thank you